Parameters:
- length = width = 40
- demand = [
        random.randint(10,15),
        random.randint(17,24),
        random.randint(17,24),
        random.randint(10,15),
        random.randint(25,40),
        random.randint(25,40),
        random.randint(10,15),
    ]

-  number of timeslots
    K = 7


timeslot 0:

party 0 of size 5 was seated
party 1 of size 3 was seated
party 2 of size 2 was seated
party 3 of size 5 was seated
party 4 of size 2 was seated
party 5 of size 2 was seated
party 6 of size 5 was seated
party 7 of size 2 was seated
party 8 of size 5 was seated
party 9 of size 6 was seated
party 10 of size 2 was seated
party 11 of size 6 was seated
party 12 of size 6 was seated
party 13 of size 2 was seated

Total number of parties seated during timeslot 0: 	14 = 100.0%


timeslot 1:

party 0 of size 5 was seated
party 1 of size 6 was seated
party 2 of size 3 was seated
party 3 of size 5 was seated
party 4 of size 2 was seated
party 5 of size 2 was seated
party 6 of size 4 was seated
party 7 of size 6 was seated
party 8 of size 3 was seated
party 9 of size 3 was seated
party 10 of size 4 was seated
party 11 of size 5 was seated
party 12 of size 4 was seated
party 13 of size 2 was seated
party 14 of size 5 was seated
party 15 of size 2 was seated
party 16 of size 5 was seated

Total number of parties seated during timeslot 1: 	17 = 100.0%


timeslot 2:

party 0 of size 4 was seated
party 1 of size 5 was seated
party 2 of size 4 was seated
party 3 of size 6 was seated
party 4 of size 4 was seated
party 5 of size 6 was seated
party 6 of size 2 was seated
party 7 of size 3 was seated
party 8 of size 3 was seated
party 9 of size 4 was seated
party 10 of size 4 was seated
party 11 of size 6 was seated
party 12 of size 3 was seated
party 13 of size 3 was seated
party 14 of size 4 was seated
party 15 of size 3 was seated
party 16 of size 4 was seated
party 17 of size 4 was seated
party 18 of size 2 was seated
party 19 of size 3 was seated
party 20 of size 4 was seated
party 21 of size 2 was seated
party 22 of size 5 was seated
party 23 of size 6 was seated

Total number of parties seated during timeslot 2: 	24 = 100.0%


timeslot 3:

party 0 of size 4 was seated
party 1 of size 2 was seated
party 2 of size 5 was seated
party 3 of size 5 was seated
party 4 of size 4 was seated
party 5 of size 2 was seated
party 6 of size 5 was seated
party 7 of size 2 was seated
party 8 of size 6 was seated
party 9 of size 2 was seated
party 10 of size 2 was seated

Total number of parties seated during timeslot 3: 	11 = 100.0%


timeslot 4:

party 0 of size 4 was seated
party 1 of size 6 was seated
party 2 of size 6 was seated
party 3 of size 6 was seated
party 4 of size 3 was seated
party 5 of size 4 was seated
party 6 of size 5 was seated
party 7 of size 2 was seated
party 8 of size 5 was seated
party 9 of size 3 was seated
party 10 of size 6 was seated
party 11 of size 5 was seated
party 12 of size 6 was seated
party 13 of size 3 was seated
party 14 of size 3 was seated
party 15 of size 2 was seated
party 16 of size 2 was seated
party 17 of size 6 was seated
party 18 of size 6 was seated
party 19 of size 4 was seated
party 20 of size 4 was seated
party 21 of size 3 was seated
party 22 of size 2 was seated
party 23 of size 6 was seated
party 24 of size 2 was seated
party 25 of size 4 was seated
party 26 of size 2 was seated
party 27 of size 5 was seated
party 28 of size 2 was seated
party 29 of size 6 was seated

Total number of parties seated during timeslot 4: 	30 = 100.0%


timeslot 5:

party 0 of size 3 was seated
party 1 of size 2 was seated
party 2 of size 5 was seated
party 3 of size 2 was seated
party 4 of size 3 was seated
party 5 of size 3 was seated
party 6 of size 3 was seated
party 7 of size 6 was seated
party 8 of size 3 was seated
party 9 of size 5 was seated
party 10 of size 5 was seated
party 11 of size 2 was seated
party 12 of size 3 was seated
party 13 of size 6 was seated
party 14 of size 5 was seated
party 15 of size 5 was seated
party 16 of size 4 was seated
party 17 of size 3 was seated
party 18 of size 4 was seated
party 19 of size 3 was seated
party 20 of size 4 was seated
party 21 of size 4 was seated
party 22 of size 5 was seated
party 23 of size 2 was not seated
party 24 of size 5 was seated
party 25 of size 2 was not seated
party 26 of size 4 was seated
party 27 of size 3 was seated
party 28 of size 5 was seated
party 29 of size 4 was seated
party 30 of size 5 was seated
party 31 of size 3 was seated
party 32 of size 5 was seated

Total number of parties seated during timeslot 5: 	31 = 93.93939393939394%


timeslot 6:

party 0 of size 4 was seated
party 1 of size 5 was seated
party 2 of size 5 was seated
party 3 of size 3 was seated
party 4 of size 2 was seated
party 5 of size 6 was seated
party 6 of size 2 was seated
party 7 of size 5 was seated
party 8 of size 3 was seated
party 9 of size 2 was seated

Total number of parties seated during timeslot 6: 	10 = 100.0%
